feat(apprunner): support vpc ingress connection (#30623)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-apprunner-alpha/README.md

});
```

## VPC Ingress Connection

> You need to create a VPC Ingress Connection to make your App Runner service private and only accessible from within a VPC.
> 
> To set up a VPC Ingress Connection, you need to associate a VPC, a VPC Interface Endpoint, and an App Runner Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make your App Runner service private and only accessible from within a VPC use the `isPubliclyAccessible` property and associate it to a `VpcIngressConnection` resource.

To set up a `VpcIngressConnection`, specify a VPC, a VPC Interface Endpoint, and the App Runner service.
```
